Did you remember to take regular breaks away from your screen during this week? How often? Did you stretch your body?
Yes, I have always made a habit of taking regular breaks away from the screen. I usually go to the gym or go out for a walk to get the bloom pumping. I usually go to the gym twice or 3 times a week.

What is Timeboxing? Have you heard of it before? Will you use it?
According to google, timeboxing allocates a fixed and maximum unit of time to an activity, particularly in agile practice.
I havent heard it before and I personally wouldnt do that.

On a a 0-5 scale, how confident are you with each of the assignments?
At the start of this course, I would have 0 confidence but as time goes by and I have started to understand what is needed, I would place myself in score #3 for the second assignment, however I am very confidence on the assignment 1.

What are of you proud of up to this point in the course?
I am proud the fact that I still tried my best to complete the course up until today and didnt give up. Also, of course understanding the basic principle and learning python was source of my pride completing this course.

Do you have a personal learning strategy? If so, what parts of your learning strategy worked? What problems did you face? If you don't have a personal strategy yet, what do you think might work? Invent a describe a strategy for yourself.
Yes I do. Part of my learning strategies that worked was the 'practice' approach. I have watched multiple youtube videos, reading the course content and watching the lecture session to help me pracitising the coding.
This has help a lot as regular practice will help to take me where I am now. 
The problems that I faced was trying to find enough time to do this. I am currently working full time and also have a little one at home so finding free tiime was quite challenging.

If you could send a time traveling text message back to yourself at the start of this course, what would it say?
Start early and dont wait!!

What is Python?
Python is interpreted, interactive, object-oriented programming language

Have you developed a habit of exploring?
Yes

Have you meditated before?
Yes

Is there something over which you have gained a degree of mastery before in your life? Gymnastics, Rubik's Cubes, A Video Game? What did it take?
Yes, I was a trumpet player back when I was in highschool for 6 years. It took literal sweat and tears to get where I was. Although I am no longer playing trumpet now but i had to practice 5 days a week to be able to master the techniques and numbers of songs.

Do you consider yourself a developer yet?
I dont think so.

Do you value creativity? As a value itself? 
Yes I do value creativity.

What about as a tool for learning to think logically?

How many tabs do you have open in your web browser right now? What is the ratio of study related tabs to distraction related tabs?
I have 18 tabs open and all of them are study related tabs. Mostly articles and few youtube videos about python.

Have you had a fight response to technology? What does it feel like? How did you overcome this?
No I havent.

What is an IDE?
i didnt know this before but IDE according to Google is An integrated development environment is a software application that provides comprehensive facilities to computer programmers for software development.

What did you learn out of the Marshmallow Challenge?
collaboration, innovation and problem solving 

Did you have any blocks during this challenge? How did you overcome them?
Yes. Didnt know how to structure them to make it the tallest.
I used itiretative process approach, however i didnt success in the end but using itiretative approach make for constant improvement and eventual success.

So far, what was the hardest moment of this course for you?
Learning how to code and python.

What is OOP?
object orientated programming.

Are you using the canvas content? Do you find it helpful or tedious?
Yes I am using canvas and I found it helpful.

Which parts of the work did you find tedious?
What is polymorphism?
According to Google, Polymorphism in python defines methods in the child class that have the same name as the methods in the parent class.

Did you hear a self critical voice in your head throughout the process of learning during this last few weeks? What did it say to you? Do you believe what it said?
Yes I ded hear them and they were saying to me to give up as this is too hard.
I didnt believe in it hence why i tried my very best to ask for help, learned, watched lots of youtube and finally completing my assignment.

What is an MVP? How would you describe it to a group of 6 year olds?
minimum viable product
Food on the Table, which sends users recipes and deals from grocery stores to help them save money while making meals they'll love

What is the hardest problem you have solved so far?
The second assignment

What is pair programming?
I havent heard of that before so I had to google them and the definition is Pair programming is an software development technique in which two programmers work together at one workstation. One, the driver, writes code while the other, the observer or navigator, reviews each line of code as it is typed in. The two programmers switch roles frequently.

What are you looking forward to learning about programming?
To help me to be more creative.

What is conscious listening?
Conscious listening is the act of being intentionally present during communication between yourself and another while being aware of your own and the other's feelings and needs.

What is a variable?
What programming languages are you interested in learning? Why?
Python - I like to go a bit further depsite my limitation. I found it interesting and it is one of the basic programming language so it is best for beginner like me.

What is something kind that someone has done for you?
A random person paid for my petrol bill out of the blue. I was so surprised and so humble.

If you were describing programming to someone who knows nothing about it, what would you say?
Hard work and being consistent is key.

Which parts of this course made you feel doubtful of your own innate ability?
Programming as a whole.

What is a fixed mindset?
They believe we are born with a certain level of ability (or special skills) and we are unable to improve our level abilities over time.

What is something kind you have done for someone else?
Cooked meal for a friend who was sick.

Have you done mindfulness or attention training before?
Yes

Have you developed a habit of persevering?
Yes
